Backend Coding Challenge

Instructions

The SDK (software development kit) is currently integrated in
over 400 mobile games. A user playing one of these games may elect to
record and share a gameplay video. The
sharing process involves pulling up our UI screen, which enables the user
to share to various social networks, watch other videos, and make a
profile.


One of the metrics we use to measure the performance of our SDK is
Day­7 UI retention​. We define Day­7 UI retention as the percent of users
who re­open the UI exactly 7 days after the date of their first
UI open. Note that whether a user re­opens the UI on
Day 6 or Day 8 is irrelevant to this metric.


For example, say we were looking to measure Day­7 UI retention over the
first two days of October 2014. Twenty users opened the UI for
the first time on 10/1. On 10/8, four of these twenty users re­opened the
UI. On 10/2, five users opened the UI for the first time and two
of these users re­opened the UI on 10/9. The SDK’s Day­7 UI retention
from 10/1 to 10/2 would then be (4+2) / (20+5) = 24%.


Attached is a csv file with sample SDK data from a subset of users who
began using the SDK in September. The fields provided are:

● user_id
● event_name
● event_count
● event_time
● os_name
● sdk_version


○ Opening the UI has event_name UI_OPEN_COUNT
○ Represents the number of times an event occurred


We would like you to perform the following:

1. Design a model for the data that is designed to allow a user to query
for Day­7 UI retention over a day range, as well as allow for filtering
on a specific OS name and SDK version.


2. Write a script that reads the data from the csv file into your model.


3. Use your model to answer the following questions:

a. What was the overall Day­7 UI Retention over the month of
September?

b. What was the Day­7 UI Retention from September 8 through
September 10 for the Android SDK?

c. What was the Day­7 UI Retention over the month of
September for version 1.7.5 of the iOS SDK?


Please submit the code for your script and model, as well as the answers
(retention rate, numerator and denominator of it) to the above questions.
For the purpose of this challenge you can assume that all open UI events
by these users are represented in this data set. If you make any
additional assumptions on the data, please state them.

Programming language and restrictions
Use can use your favorite language for this coding challenge, we prefer
Java or Python. You may import modules to help read and parse the csv
file, but the internal model should be a class of your own design.


Evaluation

We’ll evaluate your submission on the following criteria:

1. Correctness

2. Code quality, readability, and extensibility

3. Design of internal model

4. Time is not a major factor, but we would like to know how long you
spent